README.md, before:

# InlineResources #

InlineResources is a small tool that can be used to inline resources in
C++ executables and libraries.

It works in combination with [CMake](https://cmake.org/).

It is licensed under the MIT License.

## Requirements ##

* A C++11 compliant compiler,
* CMake >= 3.9,
* Boost.Test >= 1.62.

## Getting started ##

* First, build and install the package as follows:
    ```
    cmake . && make && sudo make install
    ```

* You can now use it in your own project as follows:

    * CMakeLists.txt
        ```
        find_package(InlineResources REQUIRED)

        add_executable(MyProgram main.cpp ...)

        inline_resources(MyProgram "resource.txt" "otherResource.txt" ...)

        target_include_directories(${yourTarget} PRIVATE ${InlineResources_INCLUDE_DIR})
        target_link_libraries(${yourTarget} ${InlineResources_LIBRARY})
        ```

    * main.cpp
        ```
        #include <InlineResources.h>

        int main() {
            std::vector<char> resource = InlineResources::getResource("resource.txt");
            std::vector<char> otherResource = InlineResources::getResource("otherResource.txt");

            ...

            return 0;
        }
        ```

Commit message:

Implemented a new Python generator to speed up the generation process

README.md, after:

# InlineResources #

*InlineResources* is a small tool that can be used to inline resources
in C++ executables and libraries.

It works in combination with [CMake](https://cmake.org/).

It is licensed under the MIT License.

## Requirements ##

* A C++11 compliant compiler,
* CMake >= 3.9,
* Boost.Test >= 1.62.

## Getting started ##

* First, build and install the package as follows:
    ```
    cmake . && make && sudo make install
    ```

* You can now use it in your own project as follows:

    * CMakeLists.txt
        ```
        find_package(InlineResources REQUIRED)

        add_executable(MyProgram main.cpp ...)

        inline_resources(MyProgram "resource.txt" "otherResource.txt" ...)

        target_include_directories(${yourTarget} PRIVATE ${InlineResources_INCLUDE_DIR})
        target_link_libraries(${yourTarget} ${InlineResources_LIBRARY})
        ```

    * main.cpp
        ```
        #include <InlineResources.h>

        int main() {
            std::vector<char> resource = InlineResources::getResource("resource.txt");
            std::vector<char> otherResource = InlineResources::getResource("otherResource.txt");

            ...

            return 0;
        }
        ```

## Troubleshooting ##

### The generation process is way too slow ###

*InlineResources* provides 2 distinct generators:

* One is based on pure CMake,
* One is based on Python.

The later will be used whenever Python 2.7 (or greater) is available on
the system. If not, *InlineResources* will fall back to the pure CMake
generator, which works everywhere at the cost of being much slower. For
small resources, this does not really matter, but for bigger resources
(e.g. images), it can be so slow that it becomes unusable.

In that case, the solution is to install Python 2.7 (or greater) to take
advantage of the faster Python generator.
